

Episode 1

 Luffy is cast at sea in a barrel. Sailors on a passing cruise ship retrieve the barrel, but the ship is attacked with cannon fire by a nearby pirate ship, led by Alvida . The barrel is sent rolling into the kitchen. Once the cruise ship's sails have been destroyed, the Alvida Pirates board the ship to plunder its goods, and Alvida also forces one of her chore boys, Koby , to board the ship. Meanwhile, a girl takes advantage of the opportunity and sneaks aboard the Alvida Pirates' ship to steal its treasures . Koby and other pirates notice the barrel in the kitchen and find Luffy inside, who was sleeping. After Luffy defeats the hostile pirates, he goes with Koby to the pantry to eat the stored food . Luffy explains that he set sail to begin his pirating career, but his dinghy was destroyed by a whirlpool and he was left trapped at sea in a barrel. Koby explains that he was riding on a rowboat, but was kidnapped by the Alvida Pirates and forced to become a chore boy. He explains his desires to escape the Alvida Pirates some day and join the Marines . Alvida is informed of Luffy's presence, and, out of suspicion that he could be a bounty hunter , confronts him and Koby in the pantry. This triggers a battle on the ship, but Luffy defeats the pirates. Although Alvida is armed with a large spiked club, her attacks are rendered ineffective, as Luffy ate a Devil Fruit , granting him a superhuman ability that gives his body rubber-like properties . Using a Gomu Gomu no Pistol attack, Luffy defeats Alvida, sending her flying off the ship and into the sea. Having concluded the battle, Luffy boards a dinghy with Koby to continue his travels, catching a glimpse of the female burglar who was also departing the ship on her own dinghy. Luffy aims towards the Grand Line to search for the One Piece treasure but first looks to recruit the infamous Pirate Hunter Roronoa Zoro into his crew . 

Episode 2

 Luffy and Koby arrive at Shells Town , a town where a Marine base is stationed. They find their target, Roronoa Zoro , crucified at the base. A small girl, Rika , sneaks into the base to offer Zoro onigiri , but she is stopped by Helmeppo , a snobbish man who destroys the onigiri. However, Zoro later eats the dirt-stained rice. Outside the Marine base , Rika reveals that the town was run by a tyrannical Captain Morgan , who allowed his son, Helmeppo, to regularly abuse his citizens. One day, Helmeppo brought a hostile wolf into a bar which attacked the customers and ate their food . When Zoro attacked Helmeppo for his cruelty, Helmeppo threatened to execute all customers in the bar unless Zoro turned himself into the Marines , where he would be crucified for one month. Later, Helmeppo reveals that he intended to execute Zoro, violating the deal he had struck with him. Luffy assaults him for his dishonesty, then heads towards the Marine base to locate Zoro's confiscated katanas . As Morgan orders his men to erect a large statue of himself on the base's rooftop, Luffy launches himself towards the rooftop, accidentally destroying the statue in the process. Luffy grabs Helmeppo and flees, searching the building and locating the katanas. Meanwhile, the girl who robbed the Alvida Pirates ' ship also infiltrates the Marine base to steal its goods. Meanwhile, Koby attempts to free Zoro from the cross, but is spotted by Morgan, who orders his men to open fire on them both. They are stopped by Luffy, who deflects the bullets with his rubber body . 

Episode 3

 Luffy returns the katana to Zoro , who uses them to free himself and repel the Marines ' attacks. He agrees to join Luffy's crew should he survive. Despite being clearly overpowered by Luffy's Devil Fruit power and Zoro's Three Sword Style , Morgan orders his men to attack them. Morgan himself joins the battle, with his right hand being replaced by an axe blade. Despite Luffy overpowering Morgan, Helmeppo holds Koby hostage, threatening to shoot him. Meanwhile, as Luffy is distracted, Morgan attempts to attack him from behind. Luffy punches Helmeppo in the face and Zoro cuts Morgan down, preventing him from harming Luffy. The Marines, who were aware of Morgan's numerous abuses of power, decide not to continue the battle, instead dishonorably discharging and arresting their own captain . Luffy, Zoro and Koby go to a restaurant to celebrate their victory. Koby explains how the world is divided. The world is divided into west and east by a continent called the Red Line , and the Grand Line is a linear sea perpendicular to the Red Line. Legendary pirate Gold Roger claimed he had hidden his treasure at the very end of the Grand Line. Ripper , the Marine who had succeeded Morgan as the new base commander, confronts Luffy. He agrees to accept Koby into the Marines upon his request. However, due to Luffy and Zoro's statuses as pirates, he orders them both to leave the town , only promising not to inform headquarters as a gesture of gratitude. Luffy and Zoro agree, and they both continue their travels. Meanwhile, a girl searches the Marine base for a map of the Grand Line. She discovers that the map had been stolen by another pirate, Buggy . She sets sail to confront Buggy and retrieve his map. 

Episode 4

 The burglar girl 's dinghy is discovered by three Buggy Pirates while at sea. Pretending to be a desperate, stranded woman, she lures the pirates on her boat with promises of treasure . However, she secretly boards the Buggy Pirates ' boat and sails away from them without their knowledge. The ship the pirates are on capsizes from a windstorm. Meanwhile, Luffy and Zoro sail towards their next destination, but Luffy loses his signature straw hat when the boat jostles. Zoro recovers the hat, and its significance to Luffy is explained. In his childhood, Luffy befriended Shanks , a pirate captain residing in his home village . While Luffy and the Red Hair Pirates were at a bar, Luffy unknowingly ate the Gomu Gomu no Mi , a Devil Fruit Shanks had acquired during his travels. Upon eating the fruit, Luffy's body immediately gained rubber-like properties, but he had permanently lost the ability to swim. However, Luffy was terrorized and threatened by Higuma and his group of mountain bandits . Although Shanks and his pirates came to his aid, Higuma escaped, abducting Luffy. Higuma sailed out to sea on a small rowboat and threw Luffy into the sea for him to drown. However, a Sea King , a carnivorous sea monster , appeared and devoured Higuma whole, threatening to target Luffy next. Shanks rescued Luffy, but he lost his left arm in the process. Eventually, the Red Hair Pirates departed from Foosha Village and set sail for the Grand Line . Just before he left, Shanks entrusted Luffy with his straw hat for him to protect. Throughout the years, Luffy cherished his hat to remind him of his idol. Back to the present day, Luffy is abducted by a bird and sent flying away. The Buggy Pirates who were left stranded in the sea discover Zoro's rowboat, board it, and attempt to hijack it, but are swiftly defeated by him. The Buggy Pirates explain that Buggy is a fearsome pirate with his own Devil Fruit ability . Meanwhile, the bird lets go of Luffy after being shot down by cannon fire, causing Luffy to fall into Buggy's territory . He meets the female thief for the first time, who had stolen the map and was being pursued by Buggy Pirates. 

Episode 5

 The girl introduces herself as Nami , a thief targeting and stealing from pirates . After collaborating with Luffy to escape from the Buggy Pirates , they find refuge at a restaurant, where Nami reveals her goal of collecting 100 million Berries for an unknown cause. She then goes on and reveals her navigation skills . Nami betrays Luffy, tying him up and handing him over to the Buggy Pirates as a gesture of good will. Buggy accepts, locks Luffy into a cage, and prepares a Buggy Ball , a powerful, explosive cannonball . Buggy's pirates fire the cannon into the distance, destroying an entire row of houses. Zoro , who has just arrived at the town , notices the explosion. Buggy then orders Nami to fire a Buggy Ball at Luffy, but she refuses to do so. Another pirate lights the cannon's fuse for her, but Nami extinguishes the fuse with her bare hands, burning herself. Buggy orders his pirates to attack her. Zoro arrives at her aid and attacks Buggy, cutting off his hand and leg. However, Buggy's dismembered hand stabs Zoro from behind, then reattaches itself to Buggy's arm. He reveals that he ate the Bara Bara no Mi , allowing him to split himself into pieces, control them, and reattach them. Despite this, Zoro runs to the cannon, readjusts it to aim at the Buggy Pirates, and allows Nami to reignite the fuse, firing the cannon. 

Episode 6

 Having warded off the Buggy Pirates , a wounded Zoro drags Luffy 's cage to a local pet food shop. The mayor appears and takes Zoro into his house to nurse his wounds. Meanwhile, Luffy interacts with Chouchou , a dog defending the shop. The mayor explains that Chouchou's owner passed away from illness, so he continues to defend the deceased owner's store as a memento. Although Nami arrives with the key to Luffy's cage, Chouchou eats the key before the cage could be unlocked. Buggy sends his first mate , Mohji the Beast Tamer, to search for and eliminate Zoro. Riding his lion Richie , he finds Luffy still trapped in the cage. Mohji orders Richie to attack Luffy, inadvertently destroying his cage and setting him free. He then strikes Luffy into a house, destroying it. Richie raids the store for food and burns it to the ground as Chouchou fights in vain to defend the store. After seeing Mohji's actions, Luffy came to Chouchou's aid, defeating both Richie and Mohji before giving the dog a single box of pet food salvaged from the fire. Mohji returns to Buggy to report his defeat. As an act of vengeance, Buggy fires a Buggy Ball into the town , destroying the mayor's house with Zoro still in it. Although Zoro was fortunately unharmed by the blast, the mayor decides to stand up to Buggy for his callous invasion of the town. Nami agrees to temporarily join forces with Luffy and Zoro and assist Boodle in confronting Buggy. 

Episode 7

 Luffy knocks Boodle unconscious to prevent him from injuring himself further in battle. Buggy fires a Buggy Ball at the group, but Luffy deflects the cannonball using his rubber body , firing the projectile back at the Buggy Pirates . Buggy's men are decimated by the attack, save for Buggy himself, who had used his subordinates as human shields, and his chief of staff and acrobat, Cabaji , who had used Richie as a shield. Cabaji offers to battle the group on Buggy's behalf, and Zoro decides to duel him one-on-one. At the start of the battle, Cabaji uses dirty tricks to give himself an advantage, aiming for Zoro's stab wound. He also rides on his unicycle to attack Zoro from different angles. However, Zoro uses his Oni Giri technique, slicing Cabaji's chest and defeating him. Cabaji falls off his unicycle, and Zoro falls asleep on the ground, leaving Luffy and Buggy the only combatants left in combat. During Zoro's battle with Cabaji, Nami breaks away from the group, instead trespassing into the pub. She takes down one of the patrolling guards and uses his key to open a treasure chest, revealing a map of the Grand Line inside. Luffy and Buggy battle, with Buggy detaching his body parts to protect himself from Luffy's attacks. However, Buggy manages to damage Luffy's straw hat . Buggy then pierces the hat with three knives, further infuriating Luffy. After Luffy reveals the significance of the hat to Buggy, Buggy reveals that he holds a very strong grudge against Shanks , cursing his name. 

Episode 8

 Buggy reveals his relationship with Shanks , as they were both apprentices working for a pirate crew . While the pirates were looting a ship , Buggy found a valuable treasure map and kept it for himself. He later learns from Shanks that the pirates have also looted a Devil Fruit from the ship. Buggy planned to steal the fruit , escape the crew and sell both the fruit and the map. Buggy ate a fake Devil Fruit in front of the pirates while he kept the real one for himself. However, just before he was able to leave with the fruit, he was caught by Shanks, causing him to accidentally eat the fruit. Buggy also lost the treasure map as the wind blew the map overboard. Buggy, who permanently lost the ability to swim, was unable to recover the map, foiling his plans of defecting from the pirates and starting his own crew. He would need to wait another ten years to accrue the wealth needed to start his own crew. In the present day, Buggy spots Nami attempting to leave with his treasure. Using Bara Bara Festival, Buggy splits himself up into several pieces and attempts to seize his stolen treasure. However, Luffy comes to her aid, striking him down. Buggy attempts to reassemble himself, but Nami restrains many of his body parts with a rope, leaving Buggy much smaller. Luffy then strikes the weakened Buggy with Gomu Gomu no Bazooka , sending him flying into the air and out of the town. Nami gives Luffy the map of the Grand Line while she keeps the rest of Buggy's treasures. She agrees to temporarily sail with the crew as an opportunity to acquire Bellies . Meanwhile, the citizens of Orange Town , who had evacuated to the outskirts due to Buggy's invasion, grow increasingly concerned for their mayor's safety and decide to return to the town. However, as the group were the only pirates left in the town, they are incorrectly blamed for the destruction of the town. Luffy flees from the angry citizens. Chouchou , aware of the crew's true intentions, stops the mob, allowing them to head to the pier to escape. Back in the town, Boodle wakes up and finds that the Buggy Pirates have been successfully repelled from the town. He goes to the pier to thank the group as they depart. To Nami's horror, Luffy leaves her treasures behind so the citizens could fund repairs for the town. On a distant island , a mysterious man stands and awaits visitors to his land. 

Episode 9

 The crew , who lack a ship adequate for the Grand Line , decide to stop by Syrup Village , a small island in the south, in search of a better ship. In Syrup Village, the town prankster, Usopp , fools the townspeople into thinking pirates have come to attack the village. The townspeople chase him out of town. However, one of the children in Usopp's pretend pirate crew inform him that pirates have indeed arrived at the island. The Usopp Pirates go to the coast to confront the crew. Usopp attempts to intimidate and repel them from the island, but all attempts fail as Luffy sees through each of his ploys. Luffy deduces that Usopp is the son of Yasopp , one of the people on Shanks ' crew . After stopping at a local restaurant for food , they decide to go to the large mansion on top of the hill to ask its owners for financial support. The lady of the mansion, Kaya , is being protected by her butler, Klahadore , following her parents' deaths. Despite Usopp being the only person to make her happy, Klahadore bars him from entering the mansion due to his reputation as a delinquent. Still, Usopp sneaks into the mansion and speaks with Kaya. The crew follow him and sneak into the mansion, but Klahadore confronts them for trespassing. In the outskirts of the town, a peculiar man emerges, moonwalking down the road. 

Episode 10

 Klahadore confronts the crew , refusing their request for a ship . Redirecting his rage at Usopp , he insults Usopp for his pirate father, calling him a barbaric, lowly criminal. Usopp angrily attacks Klahadore. In response, Klahadore expels Usopp and the crew from the front yard, ordering them to never return. Kaya remains in her bedroom and cries, and Klahadore enters to console her. He explains his past and the reasoning behind his protection of her. After being expelled from the ship he was working on, he was left derelict in Syrup Village . Kaya's father kindly accepted him into his mansion, and he dedicated himself to servitude for Kaya's family. After Kaya's parents passed away, Klahadore decided to become her guardian and protect her from harm, including Usopp, whom he considers to be a bad influence on her. Kaya forgives Klahadore for his harsh handling of the situation. Zoro and Nami remain on the outskirts of town with the children . One of the children discovers the strange moonwalking man and alerts the others. The man introduces himself as a hypnotist. He demonstrates his skills by hypnotizing the children with a chakram on a string, causing the children to fall asleep. However, he accidentally hypnotizes himself, causing him to fall asleep as well. Usopp and Luffy sit on a cliff, where they discuss Usopp's father, Yasopp . However, they find Klahadore, who is privately meeting with the hypnotist, Jango, at the base of the cliff. To their horror, they find that Klahadore was really Captain Kuro of the Black Cat Pirates . Kuro and Jango intended to assassinate Kaya to inherit her wealth, as Jango could hypnotize Kaya into changing her will. They reveal that Kuro escaped Marine pursuit by sending a lookalike of him to the Marines for execution. Jango reveals that the Black Cat Pirates' ship was stationed at the island , ready to invade the village. Kuro and Jango spot Luffy and Usopp overhearing their conversation. Jango hypnotizes Luffy asleep, causing him to fall headfirst off the cliff. They decide not to pursue Usopp, knowing the townspeople would not believe him if he spoke out. Usopp flees toward the village. 

Episode 11

 Nami and Zoro head to the cliff to look for Luffy . They discover Luffy at the base of the cliff, and they head to the bottom of the cliff to wake him up unharmed. Luffy reveals to them Klahadore 's malicious intents. Usopp runs to the village to alert others about the incoming attack, but the townspeople refuse to believe him, contrasting him to Klahadore whom they trust more. The townspeople chase Usopp out of the town. Usopp then goes to Kaya 's mansion to warn her about the danger, but she also does not believe him, believing it to be an unusually cruel joke. Usopp attempts to escort Kaya out of the building, but is faced against the mansion guards . Although Usopp fights the guards, Kaya refuses to leave, hitting Usopp across the face. One of Kaya's butlers, Merry , shoots Usopp in the arm, and the townspeople continue to pursue him. Meanwhile, Kuro meets with his crew at their ship stationed at the island . He orders them to destroy the entire village the next day. The crew, Usopp and the children meet at the outskirts of the village. The children express their disappointment in Usopp for lying as they leave. The crew agree to fight alongside Usopp to defend Syrup Village from the Black Cat Pirates . 

Episode 12

 The crew prepare for the incoming attack. As the only entrance to the village is a single sloped path at the island's south end, they stand guard at the pathway to prevent the Black Cat Pirates from entering. They cover the slope with slippery oil to prevent them from walking up the path. Kuro , still disguised as Klahadore, returns to Kaya 's mansion, where Kaya is already asleep and Merry tending to his duties. Kuro finds a gift Kaya got for him, a pair of glasses custom-made for him so they would not slip off his nose. Kuro destroys the pair of glasses, revealing his true self to Merry. Revealing a set of long blades attached to his fingers like cat claws , he slices Merry down before heading to Kaya's bedroom to watch her sleep. Morning arrives and as planned, the Black Cat Pirates led by Jango dock at the island . However, Usopp forgets that there is a second entrance to the village at the island's north end, through which the Black Cat Pirates decided to use instead. Nami , Luffy and Usopp rush to the north end, whereas Zoro is trapped by the south entrace's slippery slope. As Zoro continues to struggle to climb the slope, Luffy gets lost while attempting to reach the north coast. Arriving at the north end and using his slingshot , Usopp strikes down many of the advancing Black Cat Pirates. Usopp attempts to bribe the pirates away using the treasures on the crew's ship , but Nami arrives and stops them. Undeterred, the Black Pirates continue their advances onto the island, and Nami and Usopp are unable to stop them. However, Luffy and Zoro arrive just in time to stop them. Kuro notices his crew is late entering the village. He decides to personally head down to the north coast, vowing to kill his entire crew if his plan were to go wrong. 

Episode 13

 The children attempt to enter Kaya 's mansion to check on her, but Usopp 's secret entrance had been sealed and they cannot climb the gates. Inside the mansion, Kaya exits her bedroom to find a wounded Merry on the floor. Merry reveals that Usopp had been telling the truth and Klahadore was indeed a pirate attempting to assassinate Kaya for her family fortune. As the invading Black Cat Pirates find themselves unable to fight off Luffy and Zoro , Jango hypnotizes them to increase their strength. The newly hypnotized combatants become far stronger, shattering cliffs with a single punch. However, Jango accidentally hypnotizes Luffy in the process, who, with his strength enhanced, defeats the Black Cat Pirates, then tears off the bow of the Black Cat Pirates ship . Jango hypnotizes Luffy asleep and Luffy collapses, but the bow also falls and crushes the enemy pirates. As a last-ditch effort to penetrate the crew 's defenses, Jango summons the Nyaban Brothers, Sham and Buchi , who had been watching over the ship. Although the Nyaban Brothers initially appear weak and cowardly, they use this as an act to catch Zoro off guard. Sham takes two of Zoro's katanas, leaving him to defend himself with a single sword . Usopp attempts to shoot them with a slingshot but misses, hitting Zoro instead and allowing the Nyaban Brothers to slash his chest. Nami attempts to retrieve Zoro's katanas but is stopped by Jango, who slices her in the shoulder with his chakram. To the horror of the Black Cat Pirates, Kuro arrives at the coast, frustrated with the setbacks to the operation. 

Episode 14

 This episode starts with a recap of the previous episode and opens with Kuro arriving at the north slope, very angry that his plan did not go as planned. Jango and the rest of the Black Cat Pirates are terrified by him, including Sham and Buchi . He can’t believe that his former crew was held back by a bunch of children. He asks Jango for an explanation. Jango reminds Kuro who said letting Usopp go would not cause any problems. Kuro said that he knew that Usopp would try in vain to stop the Black Cat Pirates from invading Syrup Village since no one would believe him, but the one thing he didn’t count on was the weakness of his crew. This remark made Sham and Buchi very mad. They remembered Kuro as a strong killer and said they were sinking ships and vanquishing pirate crews while Kuro lived the good life. They accused him of becoming weak. They go straight to him, hoping to kill him. Jango tries to warn them, but it was no use. Before they could deal him a blow, he suddenly disappeared. And reappeared moments later behind them with his Cat Claws gloves on his hands. It surprised even Zoro . They tried to attack him again, but he disappeared one more time. Jango recognized this move as the Nukiashi technique, Kuro’s trademark attack. He reappeared behind Sham and Buchi again, with his claw-like knives pointing at them. Even Nami is impressed by this, as the Nyaban Brothers nearly defeated Zoro. This silent technique is so powerful, not even a group of 50 assassins could stop Kuro. Jango knew he hasn’t lost that attack by the way he always lifted his glasses to avoid being cut by his Cat Claws gloves. Nami managed to get up despite her wound. Kuro gave his crew 5 minutes to kill Zoro. Otherwise, he will kill them all. Sham and Buchi go straight to Zoro to kill him. Jango encourages them to stop him. Nami kicks the two swords straight to Zoro. The swordsman managed to get them. Although a little upset that Nami kicks his swords without any respect, Zoro thanks her for giving him back his swords and he defeats the Nyaban Brothers by using the Tora Gari technique. Kuro is still counting the minutes. Usopp and the Black Cat Pirates are surprised by the swordsman’s attack. Even Jango is shocked by it. Zoro said to Kuro that the former captain will be defeated in less than 5 minutes. Kuro is a little impressed. Buchi is still conscious and begs Jango to hypnotize him so he will become strong enough to defeat Zoro. Jango managed to do so and Zoro decided to deal with Buchi before he can fight Kuro. After being hypnotized, Buchi becomes stronger and more savage than before. His muscles even increased in size. That surprised Zoro, but he managed to regain his calm and decided to fight him no matter what happens. Meanwhile, Nami goes to wake up Luffy who is sleeping beneath the figurehead of the Bezan Black . She managed to wake him up by pressing her foot into his head. Luffy woke up just in time to stop Jango’s pendulum from killing Nami with his bare teeth while arguing with Nami for the way she wakes people up. Nami learned that Jango’s pendulum is also used as a weapon. Luffy broke the pendulum with his bare teeth, although it hurts him a little bit. The Black Cat Pirates begin to think it will be impossible to defeat Luffy and Zoro since they appeared to be very strong. After waking up Luffy, Nami passes out for a bit. Luffy notices Nami’s wound. Nami asks Luffy to fight for the village and her treasure , and Luffy accepts. The pirates run from Luffy, scared for their life. While Buchi fights Zoro, Jango will deal with Luffy. Kuro said that time is up and he will kill everyone on the north slope. He is also surprised that Luffy survived the fall from the cliff since he thought that fall would have killed him. Before Kuro could kill anyone, Kaya arrives and begs him to stop. Usopp managed to save her before Kuro slashes her. She said to Usopp that she could not bare to see him get hurt protecting her. She then talks to Kuro and said he can take her fortune and leave the village alone. Kuro said to Kaya he wants more than her fortune. He wants peace. He said, despite her plea, the Black Cat Pirates will still attack Syrup Village and kill her. She then pulled a gun from her coat and pointed it at Kuro. She threatens to kill him if Kuro and the Black Cat Pirates don’t leave the island this instant. Kuro managed to lower her guard down by talking about the last 3 years they spent together. He also said that spending 3 years with her was an insult to his pride as a pirate. He takes the gun from her and throws it to the ground. Usopp takes the gun and tries to shoot Kuro down, but Kuro used his Nuki Ashi to reappear behind the liar with his Cat Claws gloves on. He tried to kill him to make him pay for punching him, but his attempts were stopped by Luffy who gave him a Gomu Gomu no Pistol , sending him to the ground. Luffy swears Kuro will have a bad day since he hates being punched. 

Episode 15

 As the Usopp Pirates come to his aid and beat Kuro as he is down, but Kuro gets up and beats Usopp to the ground. Now knowing his opponent possessed a Devil Fruit ability , he decides to personally focus on Luffy , ordering Jango to pursue and kill Kaya . Although now incapacitated and no longer able to fight, Usopp orders the children to protect Kaya as she evades Jango's pursuit. Although Zoro attempts to aid Luffy, he is stopped by a strengthened Buchi . Although Buchi greatly disrupts the battlefield with his powerful attacks, Zoro uses his three swords to cut him down. Kuro mocks Usopp for his weakness and determination to become a brave warrior, and his crew joins in the mockery. However, Luffy attacks the crew members with a boulder. With Luffy's permission, Zoro leaves the battlefield to help protect Kaya from Jango. Luffy continues his battle against Kuro, but Kuro evades each of Luffy's attacks using his Nukiashi technique. Although his crew members cheer on him as their captain, Kuro denounces the title, explaining his intentions to no longer be a pirate captain . When he was at sea, Kuro grew tired of being a fugitive under constant Marine pursuit, so he decided to carry out a plan. When his ship was attacked by a Marine ship , Kuro entered the ship and slaughtered every Marine onboard, save for a single soldier . Jango hypnotized the soldier and one of Kuro's own men who resembled him. Under hypnosis, the crewman believed himself to be Kuro, and the soldier turned him into the Marines . Believing him to be Kuro himself, the Marines arrested and executed him. Kuro was now free to live a more peaceful life, now only needing money inherited from Kaya. Back to the present day, Kuro resumes his battle with Luffy. Using the boulder from before, Luffy manages to break off all the blades on Kuro's right glove . Luffy declares that as Kuro desired to retire from piracy , his ambition was greater. 

Episode 16

 The children escort Kaya through the forest as they hide from Jango , and Zoro and Usopp attempt to locate the group. However, Kaya falls ill and is no longer able to run. The children attempt to ambush him with a fake surrender, their weapons and a falling log, but this attempt fails as Jango is unharmed by the attacks. After Jango threatens to kill the children, Kaya agrees to sign the will as planned, and in exchange the children would be spared. However, before Jango is able to kill Kaya, Zoro and Usopp finally locate her and arrive to her aid. At the northern coast, Kuro reveals his intentions to slaughter his entire crew to prevent any of them from exposing him in the future. His standard Nukiashi techniques fail against Luffy 's attacks, so he uses his Shakushi technique, an indiscriminate attack in which he slashes all objects and people in sight at such a great speed he is completely invisible to his opponents. Although Luffy was his only opponent, the attack harms his own crew members, leaving them gravely injured. Luffy is injured by the attacks as he struggles to effectively combat Kuro's ability. 

Episode 17

 Kuro attempts to use Shakushi on Luffy once again, but this time Luffy uses his rubber body to restrain him and prevent him from moving. Stretching his neck back, he uses Gomu Gomu no Kane, a powerful headbutt knocking Kuro unconscious and destroying his glasses. Concluding the battle, Luffy orders the remaining Black Cat Pirates to leave the island , taking Kuro with them. Simultaneously, Zoro and Usopp arrive to protect Kaya from Jango . Zoro cuts down a tree branch, clearing the way for Usopp's Hissatsu: Kayaku Boshi , a fired pellet that explodes in Jango's face, defeating him. As he did not want to be known as the village hero, Usopp asks the children not to disclose his deeds to the townspeople. After meeting with the crew to thank them for their help, Usopp meets with the children. Explaining his desires to leave the village to become a real pirate , Usopp disbands the crew, telling each child to pursue their individual ambitions. To thank them for their heroic deeds, Kaya gifts the crew with the Going Merry , a full-sized caravel designed by Merry . Gratefully accepting the ship , the crew prepare to depart, also deciding to take Usopp along as a new permanent member of the crew. Kaya meets with Merry at the coast, where Merry explains Usopp's past. In his childhood Usopp's father, Yasopp , set sail with Shanks to become a pirate, leaving behind his son and wife . Usopp's mother passed away from illness soon after Yasopp's departure. Now lonely, Usopp became the town liar, hoping that his lies would come true and his father would someday return. In the present day, the children assume Usopp's role as the town liar, claiming an incoming pirate invasion. 

Episode 18

 While at sea , Luffy designs a jolly roger to represent the crew . After refining the design with his artistic skills, Usopp paints it to the sails. However, Nami spots the Island of Rare Animals in the distance, an island rumoured to contain legendary treasures but is divinely protected by the gods . The crew decide to dock at the island to plunder its treasures. However, they are quickly confronted by strange hybrid animals and an unseen man claiming to be a god. After his makeshift traps fail against the crew, he attempts to retreat, but the crew catch him. They discover the man is Gaimon , a man who had been trapped in a box for twenty years. Luffy quickly befriends Gaimon, but is warned of the horrors that lie ahead in the Grand Line . Gaimon explains his past. Formerly a boy aboard a pirate ship , he too arrived at the island in search of treasures, but his crew failed to find any treasure after a month of searching and prepared to leave. Gaimon finally found treasure atop a mountain, but fell off the mountain and into a box, where he became stuck. He also found out that his crew had already set sail, leaving him behind. The crew decide to search for the treasure themselves. However, after Luffy climbs the mountain, he realizes that all five treasure boxes at the top of the mountain were empty. Luffy decides to invite Gaimon into his crew. Gaimon refuses, stating that he had befriending the animals native to the island. He also states that knowing there was no treasure gave him closure and the freedom to live as he pleased. After Gaimon thanks them for their help, the crew depart, heading towards their next destination . 

Episode 19

 After Luffy finds a box of cannonballs onboard, he and Usopp decide to play with the ship 's cannons . As they do so, Zoro takes a nap, where he dreams about his childhood. Zoro was a dojoyaburi at Shimotsuki Village , challenging local dojos to duels. However, after challenging the dojo of Koushirou , he faced defeat at the hands of Koushirou's daughter, Kuina , and as promised had to join the dojo as a student. After training much more rigorously than his peers, he became strong enough to defeat the adults at the dojo, but was still unable to defeat Kuina. One day, Zoro challenged Kuina to a duel using real swords as opposed to shinai . Kuina defeated Zoro for the two-thousandth time. However, she lamented she would never become a powerful swordfighter as she was a woman. Zoro and Kuina promised to each other to train harder and become stronger, and one of them would become the world 's greatest swordsman . Both kept their promises and increased their training efforts, but Kuina tragically suffered a fatal fall down a flight of stairs. With Kuina deceased, Zoro decided he had to become the world's greatest swordsman to honor his promise. Koushirou entrusted Zoro with Kuina's prized heirloom katana, the Wado Ichimonji , for him to further his training. Zoro would train for another eight years before leaving the dojo to become a pirate hunter . Back in the present day, Luffy fires the cannon at a distant rock. They then go to the kitchen, but they find themselves raided by Johnny , Zoro's old friend. Johnny accuses the crew of attempting to kill his friend . 

Episode 20

 Johnny explains that after his bounty hunting partner, Yosaku , had fallen ill from an unknown disease, they had stopped at a rock so Yosaku could rest. However, the rock was targeted by Luffy 's cannon , which he assumed to be a deliberate attack. The crew take an ill Yosaku onboard and Nami diagnoses him with scurvy , a disease caused by a vitamin C deficiency. After treating his illness by feeding him lime juice , they bring him inside to rest. The crew decide they need a crew member specializing in cooking to tend to their dietary needs. They decide to stop at the Baratie , a ship and ocean-going restaurant. However, they arrive at the same time as Marine lieutenant Fullbody , who enters the restaurant for a date but orders his men to destroy the crew's ship . Luffy deflects their cannonball with his rubber body , but this causes the cannonball to strike the Baratie's rooftop, blasting a large hole in the roof and injuring the head chef, Zeff . As Luffy had no money to pay for repairs, Zeff forces him to work as a chore boy for an entire year to make up for the incident, and he refuses to negotiate with Luffy. Meanwhile, Fullbody gets into an argument with the restaurant's sous chef, Sanji , after the former attempts to place a fly in his soup . After the argument escalates, Fullbody destroys the table, spilling the soup on the ground. For wasting the food he made, Sanji beats Fullbody with his legs, prompting the other members of the crew to enter the restaurant to investigate the loud sounds. 

Episode 21

 Baratie 's patissier, Patty , denounces Sanji for his violent actions against Fullbody . Zeff also beats Luffy through the floor above, causing them to fall into the dining area below. While Zeff, Patty and Sanji continue to argue, Fullbody attempts to flee, but is informed by his crew that Don Krieg , the most feared pirate in East Blue , has escaped their custody despite being starved for days. One of Krieg's officers , Gin , appears at the restaurant, requesting food . Patty refuses to feed him as Gin cannot pay for the food, beating him to the ground and throwing him outside. Sanji decides to generously feed Gin with a dish of seafood risotto , which he gratefully accepts. Watching from above, Luffy invites Sanji into his crew , but Sanji refuses the invitation, stating he had reasons to stay at the Baratie. Gin warns Luffy of the dangers that lie in the Grand Line . Gin leaves on his ship to return to his captain . Luffy and Sanji return to work, where the former works as a chore boy, but his clumsiness destroys the kitchen. Patty orders him to become a waiter instead, sending him into the dining area to take orders. While Luffy tends to the crew 's table, Sanji serenades Nami , which disgusts Zeff. Meanwhile, Gin returns to Krieg at their headquarters. Despite Sanji's generosity towards Gin, they decide to plan an invasion of Baratie. 

Episode 22

 Sanji attempts to charm Nami , treating her with a fruit macedonia , which gets him into an argument with Zeff . However, fog arrives, and the customers notice the arrival of Krieg's fleet . Fearing Krieg 's reputation, the patrons immediately flee the restaurant. Krieg enters the Baratie with Gin , begging for food and promising not to attack the ship if fed. Against the wishes of Patty and all the other staff, Sanji agrees to feed him, giving Krieg a bowl of rice . Krieg hungrily eats the food, but staying true to his reputation, once he finishes his food, he betrays the Baratie, launching an invasion. Having a damaged ship and a hundred starving subordinates, he demands the staff to feed all of his crew members, then vacate the Baratie so he could take the ship for himself. Sanji attempts to comply with Krieg's demands, but the other staff restrain him, refusing to give up the ship. Patty shoots him with Shokuatari Meatball, but his golden armour leaves him completely unharmed by the explosive . In response, gun barrels emerge from the armour, and he opens fire at the kitchen staff. At this point, Zeff decides to submit to Krieg, giving him food for his crew members. 

Episode 23

 Zeff criticizes Krieg for his failed entry into the Grand Line . Krieg recognizes Zeff as a former pirate known for fighting only with his legs , but notes that he had since retired from piracy after losing one of his legs. Believing he only lacked the knowledge needed to traverse the Grand Line, Krieg demands Zeff's old logbook to help him return to the sea . He returns to his ship to give the food to his crew , warning the staff to vacate before he returned. Gin apologizes on Krieg's behalf, unaware of his plans to betray the Baratie . He explains that the Krieg Pirates' entire armada was defeated by a single man, whom they believe to be the world -famous warrior known as Hawk-Eyes . Of the fifty ships with five thousand crew members, only the flagship containing one hundred warriors survived the attack, partially thanks to a storm which carried it back to East Blue . Krieg gives the food to his people, where he explains his intentions to scrap the flagship, seize the Baratie, and return to the Grand Line. He shoots a crew member just for protesting this decision. However, before they are able to initiate their attack, the ship is sliced in half with a single slice, revealing that Hawk-Eyes had followed the Krieg Pirates to the Baratie. The ship sinks and its crew members fall into the sea. They also find Johnny and Yosaku floating in the sea, who reveal that Nami has defected from the crew , taking the ship with her. 

Episode 24

 Yosaku explains how he and Johnny lost the Going Merry . While their backs were turned to her, Nami pushed them both overboard. Stating she needed to take care of "business," she drove the ship away, leaving the crew behind. Almost immediately after Johnny and Yosaku fell into the sea , they witnessed the Krieg Pirates' flagship be destroyed. Zoro recognizes the assailant as Dracule "Hawk-Eyes" Mihawk , rumoured to be the world 's greatest swordsman . Mihawk states that he attacked the Krieg Pirates simply for his own amusement. Zoro immediately challenges him to a duel, to which he accepts. However, seeing Zoro as comparatively weaker than him, he uses a kogatana . They begin battle. Despite wielding three katana , Zoro is unable to land a single attack on Mihawk, who blocks each of his attacks with his kogatana. Eventually, he manages to wound Zoro, piercing him in the chest. Seeing Zoro's strong will, Mihawk agrees to use his Meito , Yoru , against Zoro. With this weapon, Mihawk destroys two of Zoro's katana, leaving only Zoro's Wado Ichimonji unharmed and further wounding him. In defeat, Zoro allows Mihawk to slash him across the chest, knocking him unconscious. Mihawk deliberately let Zoro live, telling him to become stronger so Zoro may eventually surpass him. Zoro agrees, vowing to never lose another battle before defeating Mihawk. Satisfied with the duel, Mihawk decides not to pursue Krieg , leaving. With all interruptions gone, Krieg is now able to attack the Baratie . Luffy orders Usopp and Zoro to pursue Nami while he faces Krieg on his own. Zeff agrees to nullify Luffy's debts if he repels the invasion. 

Episode 25

 Krieg briefly speaks with his crew about his intentions, stating that if he could seize the Baratie , its inconspicuous appearance could be used for deception. Zeff's logbook could also provide useful strategies for traversing the Grand Line , as well as information surrounding the legendary treasure , One Piece . This motivates his men to start battle. To prevent damaging the restaurant's interior from battle, Sanji orders a staff member to raise the "fins," two platforms on either side of the restaurant which could function as the battlefield. The Krieg Pirates enter the Baratie's port-side fin. As the chefs battle, patissier Patty and charcutier Carne operate the Sabagashira I , a fish-shaped paddleboat, and charge at Krieg. Krieg's armour blocks the Sabagashira's artillery, and he then throws the boat back at the Baratie. The boat crashes into the fin. The chefs charge at the Krieg Pirates, but are defeated. Remembering how they were accepted into Baratie, Patty and Carne increase their efforts and defeat many enemy forces, but are taken down by one of Krieg's officers , "Iron Wall" Pearl , a man covered in metal shields. Pearl flaunts his record, as he has won all of his battles without shedding a single drop of blood. However, just as he speaks, Krieg strikes the mast Luffy is holding onto. Luffy falls and hits Pearl from behind, causing Pearl to hit his head against one of his shields, giving him a nosebleed. His record tarnished, Pearl enters an enraged state, where he sets himself on fire, which spreads to the entire fin. Despite this, Sanji manages to strike Pearl several times with his combat abilities, utilizing only his legs . Pearl is knocked back, and he is crushed by a falling mast, knocking him out. Despite the initial victory, Gin catches Zeff off-guard, holding him at gunpoint . 

Episode 26

 Gin holds Zeff at gunpoint , threatening to shoot. Pearl recovers from Sanji's attacks and prepares a counterattack, stating that Gin would shoot if Sanji were to dodge his attacks. With this, Sanji has no choice but to take his attacks, as he is struck in the head by his shields. While he is down, Sanji reflects on his childhood with Zeff. As a child, Sanji was working as a cook aboard a cruise ship , which was then attacked by Zeff's crew, the Cook Pirates . The Cook Pirates plundered the ship and beat Sanji, where Sanji states his dream of locating the legendary All Blue . However, the ships were suddenly caught in a storm, and a particularly strong wave swept Sanji overboard. Zeff chose to risk his life, diving into the sea to save Sanji from drowning. Another strong wave then sunk both ships, presumably killing all people onboard. Zeff attempted to save Sanji, but his leg became caught by the ships' wreckage. Zeff had to cut of his own leg with a chain to set himself free. He then rescued Sanji and carried him to a deserted, rocky island. On the island, they divided their rations amongst themselves and went to opposite ends of the island to spot incoming ships. Although Sanji rationed his share of the food to last twenty days, it eventually ran out and he was left starving for several more days. He confronted Zeff, who held a comparatively larger share, and cut open his bag. He finds, to his horror, that Zeff's "share" was treasure , and he had given Sanji all of the food. Sanji then discovers that he had also severed his right leg to save his life. Zeff explains his reasoning, stating that he also shared Sanji's dream of locating the All Blue, so he sacrificed his leg so Sanji could pursue the dream. Sanji and Zeff were eventually rescued by a ship, and they would found the Baratie restaurant together. In the present day, Sanji stands up to Pearl, prepared to fight for the Baratie. Enraged by the Krieg Pirates ' actions, Luffy uses Gomu Gomu no Ono , destroying the entire port-side fin. 

Episode 27

 After Luffy destroys the Baratie 's fin, Krieg orders Gin to kill Sanji . Gin hesitates, as Sanji was the staff member who fed his crew. Pearl attempts to kill Sanji himself, but is attacked by Gin, who destroys his front shield and knocks him out. Gin decides to personally battle Sanji as a thanks for his generosity, while Krieg focuses on Luffy. Gin, dubbed the "Man-Demon" for his extreme cruelty, uses his Man-Demon tactics against Sanji, armed with two weighted tonfa. Despite Sanji initially striking Gin to the ground, he quickly recovers, cruelly beating Sanji and gravely injuring him. However, after pinning Sanji to the ground, he is unable to finish him off out of remorse and guilt. Because of Sanji's hospitality, he begs Krieg to stop the attack, but Krieg denies this request, denouncing Gin for his insubordination. Krieg decides to unleash MH5 , a lethal poison gas bomb . Krieg's men wear gas masks to protect themselves, the chefs dive underwater, and Zeff retreats to the restaurant's interior. Luffy takes masks off two Krieg Pirates and gives them to Sanji and Gin to protect them. However, he is unable to find a mask for himself before the bomb is launched. 

Episode 28

 Luffy is left without a means to protect himself from Krieg 's MH5 gas. However, Gin decides to give his own mask to Luffy, saving Luffy's life but inhaling the poison himself. He immediately suffers the effects of the poison, causing internal bleeding. While the restaurant staff rush to care for Gin's condition, Luffy battles Krieg. He penetrates Krieg's defenses and punches through Krieg's Kenzan Mantle , a spiked cape, hitting Krieg in the face. As his ultimate weapon, Krieg uses his armour's pauldrons to form the Daisenso , a spear which creates an explosion upon every impact. To combat this, Luffy punches the Daisenso's spearhead five times in a row, getting caught in the explosion every time, but eventually destroying the spear's head. Zeff admires Luffy for his determination and lack of hesitation. 

Episode 29

 Having damaged the Daisenso , Luffy continues his attack against Krieg . At one point, Krieg climbs a mast, where Luffy strikes him with a Gomu Gomu no Bazooka , cracking Krieg's armour. Although Krieg attempts to deter him with explosives , Luffy strikes Krieg with a second Gomu Gomu no Bazooka, shattering the armour. Krieg captures Luffy with a net, intending for the both of them to fall into the sea and Luffy to drown. Luffy manages to counter this by freeing his limbs, grabbing Krieg's face with his feet, and slamming him into the Baratie 's fin with Gomu Gomu no Ozuchi, knocking him unconscious and defeating him. Luffy falls into the sea, but Sanji rescues him and brings him to safety. However, Krieg gets up, now hysterical from his own defeat, attacking his own men in a panic. Gin strikes him back down, knocking him unconscious again and preventing him from causing further harm. Escorting Krieg away, he orders a full retreat on behalf of the Krieg Pirates , promising to rebuild his crew and eventually meet Luffy's crew on the Grand Line . Sanji gives the Baratie's supply ship for the defeated pirates to retreat. On the Going Merry , Nami laments having to steal the ship, but cries, stating her desires to be free and mentioning Bell-mère . 

Episode 30

 After expelling the Krieg Pirates , Luffy asks Sanji to join the crew , to which he refuses. Still, Sanji mentions his dream of locating the All Blue , a mythical ocean where all four seas meet. Zeff overhears this conversation between Sanji and Luffy. The restaurant staff taste Sanji's soup , and Patty , Carne , and Zeff all pretend to dislike the soup to prompt Sanji to set sail with Luffy, and Sanji leaves the dining area in anger. Zeff reveals his true intentions to Luffy, and Sanji overhears this from outside the restaurant. He finally agrees to join the crew as their cook . A shark arrives at the Baratie with Yosaku in its mouth. He reports he was unable to follow Nami , but was able to estimate her rough destination , warning of its danger. So, the crew prepare for departure, with Luffy packing food from the kitchen and Sanji preparing to move out. Sanji walks out the Baratie in front of the kitchen staff, prostrating in front of Zeff and thanking him for his sacrifices. Meanwhile, the Going Merry nears its destination, an island ruled by a fearsome pirate crew . 